[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>What would you say
your specialty is?
>>Well, I study Egyptology.
We were the first to
discover the tomb of Osiris.
>>Really?
>>And we did this
through the use
of musical sound or
acoustical vibrations.
We use what is called ground
penetrating radar to penetrate
the area of the Sphinx.
>>What do you think
might be in there?
>>Artifacts that show that
ancients were in contact
with cosmic intelligence.
>>We have to change
our consciousness.
We have to be more
prepared for working
with multiple forms of
intelligence, beings that are
beyond our dimensional reality.
>>The veils are
being lifted, George.
This is really the
fantastic moment.
We have come at the
right time of history.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
JJ and Desiree
Hurtak are with us,
founders of the Academy
for Future Science--
we're going to talk about that--
which is an international
organization
that kind of bridges
the gap between science
and spirituality.
Desiree, JJ, welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
Thank you, George.
It's great to be with you.
>>NOORY: You two
look great together.
>>JJ HURTAK: We've been busy.
We've been given the rare
opportunity of travel
during the COVID shutdown.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>JJ HURTAK: So we've been
in Latin America, and the Far
East, and also in East Europe.
>>NOORY: How long have
you two been married?
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Well,
we say over 40 years,
but I was only two
when we married.
So I keep it like that.
>>NOORY: That's fantastic,
and congratulations.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
I mean, wherever
I go, your names
come up in some form or fashion
about extraterrestrial life,
spirituality--
I mean, constantly.
What would you say your
specialty is, Desiree?
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
Well, actually, I
grew up in the Florida area.
And when I was quite young,
I actually saw a light ship
when I was in high school.
So that kind of directed me.
I'm very much into geometry.
I studied architecture.
But ultimately, it's
understanding who we are
and why we're here.
>>NOORY: How about you, JJ?
>>JJ HURTAK: Well,
I study Egyptology.
I went to the Middle East to
look at the Coptic documents
of early Christianity.
I realized back in
the '70s that there
was a whole dimension
of spiritual cosmology
that was left out of the
chapters of official history
and that, ultimately, as we
would understand the higher
aspects of what the ancients
thought about in Egypt,
in the Holy Land, we would
see a higher connection.
>>NOORY: My father was born
in Cairo, god rest his soul.
I never went there, never have.
But I'd love to see
the pyramids up front.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
Oh, you have to.
They're amazing.
And also, they're starting to
understand, really, more of
why they're there at
that particular place.
>>JJ HURTAK: We were
the first to work
with the scientific team that
discovered the tomb of Osiris.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>JJ HURTAK: And we did
this through the use
of musical sound or
acoustical vibrations.
We had the opportunity
to beat Zahi Hawass
by a couple of years because
he acknowledges obliquely
that there was someone
there before that
ruffled the feathers of the
tombs underneath the sand.
>>NOORY: He won't quite admit
who was it, but that's Zahi.
>>JJ HURTAK: That's right.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
How did you get
involved in all of this?
What was your evolution?
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
Well, you know,
Dr. Hurtak had this
unique experience in 1973,
which he put down in a book
called "The Keys of Enoch."
>>NOORY: Yes, classic book.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
And actually, that
was one of the first books that
showed that the King's Chamber
star shaft pointed to Orion,
and the Queen's Chamber
pointed to Sirius.
And of course, this
is really something
that we started to understand,
now, when you start asking,
where did ETs come from?
And we think some of them came
from some of these systems
that the ancients talked about.
>>JJ HURTAK: It was 20 years
before the more popular writer
Robert Bauval and
Adrian Gilbert.
But we had the opportunity
to actually bring cameras
underground and actually
film the actual situations
of the massive tomb that was
there underground, some 100
feet below the surface.
>>NOORY: Do you think the
pyramids, JJ, might have been
built by extraterrestrials?
>>JJ HURTAK: I feel that they
are chronomonitors, or time
measuring devices, essentially
large batteries that bring
different energies together.
And in that sense, I think
the Egyptian scientists
were influenced by higher
thoughts, higher communication.
We would call it a metaphysical
contact of some sort.
>>NOORY: Christopher
Dunn theory.
>>JJ HURTAK: Correct.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>JJ HURTAK: We go a little
bit beyond Christopher
in acknowledging that there
also were solar batteries
that the Egyptians
were able to use.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
Or hydrogen energy,
which only took water,
sun, and Egyptian cotton,
I often say, to get it going,
and maybe some of the metals
that they had for
creating batteries.
But what's interesting--
we're spending some time now
by Sedona, and you have the
three mesas of the Hopi.
And people have considered
those like the three
stars of the belt of Orion.
>>NOORY: Same thing.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And you
go to the Lakota people,
and they have something
called tah-nam-ni, Tayamni.
And that actually shows in
their ancient constellations
that they had the Pleiades.
They drew a direct
line to the three stars
of the belt and then
another line to Sirius.
Well, we just talked
about Sirius and Orion
connecting with
the Great Pyramid.
Why did these cultures all
over the place talk about Orion
and talk about Sirius and
also, many, the Pleiades.
>>NOORY: They were almost
obsessed with them.
>>JJ HURTAK: I've talked to
many of the indigenous elders,
and they believe that
the area of the Hopi
just to the north
of Sedona may be
one of the landing places for
the extraterrestrial others.
So we are really working behind
the scenes with the elders
throughout the world, looking
at these sacred places
of possible contact.
>>NOORY: Have you done any
work about the Hall of Records
that Edgar Cayce
has talked about?
>>JJ HURTAK: Significant
work, looking
at not one room or chamber
but multiple chambers that
give a mathematical matrix.
So our interpretation
of the Hall of Records
is the whole geometry of the
whole Giza Plateau exemplifying
the different parts of the human
body, connected with the three
stars in the belt of Orion.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Although
we did work with Boris Said.
And he was the one
you see sometimes-- he
hit the sledgehammer--
on the sound.
And it showed that there
was a chamber in front
of the paws of the Sphinx.
Now, they wanted to just
use small fiber-optic cable
to get there.
But they weren't
able to be permitted.
But we know that there are
chambers around the Sphinx
itself, one on the
back, one on the side,
and maybe, someone
says, on the head.
I haven't seen that one.
>>NOORY: Robert Schoch
says there's a huge chamber
right in the front of the face.
>>JJ HURTAK: He's
absolutely correct.
We worked with Robert.
We were on a
different expedition
that we use what
is called ground
penetrating radar and musical
acoustics to penetrate
other areas off the area
of the Sphinx proper.
>>NOORY: What do you
think might be in there?
>>JJ HURTAK: I think we're
going to find artifacts
that show that ancients
were in contact
with cosmic intelligence.
I think we're going to find
that that which is beneath Egypt
in the grounds we call
the Giza Plateau indicate
a depository or an
archive of information
from various cultures, from
Gobekli Tepe and Turkey
to other cultures
throughout the Middle East.
So the Great Pyramid
complex represents,
really, the library, the
archive of the ancient world.
And when we find the proper
key, the proper vibration,
we can bring societies and
civilizations together.
>>NOORY: Is it conceivable
that the ETs helped
humankind develop these things?
>>JJ HURTAK: Oh, definitely.
I believe that we see
this in the facial forms.
As you may or may not know,
some of the classified documents
years ago suggest
that the ET visitors
had what we call
voice computers,
like a staff or a stick, similar
to what the Egyptians would
hold in ceremonies.
We believe, Desiree
and I, that there's
more to the Egyptian story--
>>NOORY: And I think so too.
>>JJ HURTAK: --and the
Egyptians really resynthesized
what was there before.
And of course, that went
into the biblical period
with the Exodus story out of
Egypt, the pillars of light.
And all of that would
suggest a higher technology
that would produce this
so-called superluminal light
beam that guided the ancients
to the promised land.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And one
could say that the Atlanteans,
when their civilization went
under-- close to Florida,
the Bermuda Triangle, perhaps--
that they did travel
to Egypt and brought
some of their technology.
But I think that, when you
look at the alignments, again,
with Orion--
which, if you go to the
Mayans, they also see Orion--
>>NOORY: Same thing.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: --as
their father figure.
So there must be something
about the connection.
And you go to South
America-- there's
something called chakana.
And that also was the Inca
cross, or the Andes cross,
which is aligned, they
think, with Orion.
So there must be
something of contact
because this is what the
myths have been telling us.
>>NOORY: I want you to see
a clip from Gaia's "Cosmic
Disclosure," where Jason Shurka
talks about his experience
meeting extraterrestrials.
It's fascinating.
>>So tell me about
the mission of TLS.
>>Yes.
So their overall mission, the
reason why they're here today,
is to help assist
and guide humanity
in reaching a higher level of
awareness, specifically gamma.
Gamma is referred to
what many people call
fifth-dimensional awareness.
That's what gamma is.
That's this new
era, this new age
that they're trying to assist
and guide us into reaching.
Now, everybody-- agent, no
agent, just every human being--
is born with a specific
frequency, a specific energy.
So there's, as I was taught,
10 different dimensions
that the universe
is made out of.
Each dimension is
infinite, but there's
10 different dimensions.
The name of the first five
is what modern day science
calls brainwave frequencies,
or brainwave patterns.
So that's beta, alpha,
theta, delta, and gamma.
Each one of those
frequencies are actually
different dimensions
on the spiritual level.
Only science is more focused on
the physical phenomenon instead
of the non-physical,
so they keep it
limited to that understanding.
>>NOORY: Break down
what he just told us.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Well,
I have to agree with him
that the fifth
dimension is something
that it looks like ETs are
operating in because they
can come through walls.
They can even take people out
of their beds through walls.
So this is part
of this operation
in the fifth dimension.
He was showing-- and
I agree with that--
that there's a
spiritual side, which
means that these
beings are not just
operating like fifth
dimension, but they're actually
changing their frequencies.
There's a whole
frequency reality
to going into the
fifth dimension.
So if they took you right now,
George, to the fifth dimension,
they'd actually
almost just change
the frequencies of
every cell of your body
to be able to move into
that fifth dimension.
>>JJ HURTAK: Yes.
I feel that we're moving not
only in the understanding
of the fifth dimension, but
also the sixth dimension, which
seems to be, also, an
information dimension.
In our work with
Elizabeth Rauscher,
a famous mathematician
and nuclear physicist,
we were able to show
with her abilities
that we are also working with
the eighth dimension, which
is the mirror of the
first four dimensions.
So information can transcend
the local realities.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And
I think that's very
important, to really
understand that,
that we're stuck in this
third-dimensional reality
of length, width, and
height, fourth being time,
according to Einstein.
Some people question
that, but let's go
with normal scientists.
But then what
happens after that?
And Dr. Hurtak actually
talks about 24 dimensions
even though the standard
string theory is 10 dimensions.
If you go 1 more,
which is what's
called the M-brane theory, you
can get into 11 dimensions.
So this is trying to tie in,
how do all the forces that
make us who we are--
electromagnetism, gravity-- how
do they really come together?
Where do they come together?
And this is what these other
dimensions provide for us.
>>JJ HURTAK: In
fact, we have a lot
of documentation
on the internet--
some of our mathematical
papers with Elizabeth Rauscher,
even going back
to Burkhard Heim,
the great German
physicist who first
postulated that the information
was in the sixth dimension.
So we are really excited
about the breakthroughs.
It's really not only the
Second Coming of Christ
but the second
coming of science,
science waking up to
its spiritual potential
to recognize the human mind
works in other dimensions.
>>NOORY: Are we living
in a quantum universe?
>>JJ HURTAK: Definitely.
>>NOORY: You believe that?
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
Yeah, definitely.
And the fifth
dimension supposedly
gives us the many opportunities.
So quantum physics
tells us there's
myriads of opportunities.
When we bring it into the
fourth dimension of time,
the third dimension
of where we are,
we concretize, we choose
one of those opportunities.
But technically-- and the Blue
Brain Project in Switzerland,
which was connected with the
Technikon Institute there,
says our own brains
are able to operate
in at least seven
different dimensions, which
means we can actually
pull into our reality
these different possibilities.
So when people wake
up in the morning--
I'll give a very simple example.
If you're negative
all the time, you're
only pulling in energy
from these other realities
and quantum field--
>>NOORY: And you're
pulling in negative energy.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
In negative energy.
So if you just shift
that, you can open
to myriads of possibilities.
You can become rich.
You can even become famous,
or at least have the intention
to move forward in your life.
And that's so
important to realize.
>>JJ HURTAK: So like the ancient
pictures of India and China
show with the multiple
heads over the human head,
we are a cosmo dash
quantetary dash planetary dash
human-ecological
collection of dimensions.
And we can choose these
dimensions like a television
receiver, depending upon
our passion for life
or a concept of who
we are in the universe
or our understanding
of what we will call
the mystical
experience-- the ability
to step out of this physical
form into any number of bodies
and recognize that
we are ultimately
multidimensional beings.
>>NOORY: How much of this
do we know as human beings?
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Well, more
and more with remote viewing--
this is our book "Mind Dynamics"
with Elisabeth Rauscher--
how can we, or how did,
even, SRI, Stanford Research
Institute, remote view
to an NSA headquarters
and see in their cabinets top
secret file project names.
I mean, this really means that
we have a greater ability.
And ETs are actually showing
us that same ability.
They can talk-- some of them
can talk, from what we've heard
and some of the
reports we've studied.
But most of them use
telepathic communication.
And most of them are
connected with what
we would call the quantum
field, which makes available
all the information in
the entire universe,
if we want to talk about it.
>>JJ HURTAK: Yeah, this 600-page
study by SRI is the real
"X-Files."
And you know from
the copy I gave you
that the studies
were essentially
to look at the limitation
of human consciousness.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>JJ HURTAK: And what they
concluded back in the 1980s
and '90s was,
really, we are just
at the beginning of recognizing
that the human body is what
is called a biotransducer,
or a vehicle that
can pull in any number
of information signals,
process this, and improve
the situation of human life.
Or we can retreat
back into the closet
and see ourselves merely as
three-dimensional beings that
have evolved out of the
biological ooze of Mother
Earth.
We are, essentially, spiritual
beings in human form.
>>NOORY: There's a theoretical
physicist named David Bohm,
and he has got his own
theories about what's
happening in the universe.
>>With that absolute
contradiction
of the two basic
theories, I said
there was only-- we
could try to find out
what they have in common.
And what they have
in common is what
I call undivided wholeness.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Just as Copernicus had
upended cosmological thought
in the 16th century by
suggesting that the Earth was
in orbit around the
sun and not vise versa,
so too was Bohm
starting to intuit
that we needed a fundamentally
new way to describe
the connection between
the macro and the micro.
>>And my feeling is that that
gave an insight to Bohm that
this world we live in--
it's all hard and fast,
the explicate order--
this is the explicate order--
is really just a surface order--
it's not a deep,
profound order--
and that something lies
underneath it, which
he called the implicate order.
So the implicate
order is not so much
a set of objects, but a process.
It's a process of
constant movement,
constantly unfolding
and enfolding.
So the explicate order
comes out of the implicate.
>>David Bohm was suggesting
that everything is internally
related to everything else and
that each part of the cosmos
contains the whole
universe and unfolds
into our perception of reality.
>>JJ HURTAK: Marvelous.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
Yeah, we wholeheartedly
agree with David Bohm.
And the implicate order is
really what's important.
That's the inner structure of
all, we'll say, mathematics.
But above mathematics
is also consciousness.
And that consciousness
field is what's
critical for our thinking,
our movement, our creation.
So what we do every
moment of our lives
is, really, unfold a connection
to that consciousness field.
Now, the explicate order,
as he was explaining,
is what we manifest and see.
But so much of us still is part
of that inner connectedness,
that we exist within us and
within the whole universe.
>>JJ HURTAK: So making
contact first begins
with the implicate order to
recognize the cosmic weave
of how all of the molecular
structure of our body
is entangled.
And a very precise blueprint
is unfolded the more
we begin to understand the
unique energy field that we are
able to operate with, not
simply by being mind-centered,
but by being heart-centered,
mind-centered, and ultimately,
through every organ
of the body, we
can ultimately evolve what is
called in "The Keys of Enoch"
the light being, or the
light potential, that we are.
>>NOORY: William Henry
talks about that.
>>JJ HURTAK: That's right--
William Henry, a dear friend.
This is also called
by modern scientists
the biophotonic field.
They realized every cell
in our body emits light.
And if we can bring these
intriguing connections
together, then we can step
into a whole new field
of information.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And I
think it's very important--
this is one of our aspects
connected with "The Keys
of Enoch"--
that we don't feel that
everything is happenstance--
and this is something
that David Bohm also
acknowledged-- that there's
something behind it.
And whether it's
just mathematics,
whether it's the Fibonacci
series, whether it's
certain other aspects--
>>NOORY: That something's
driving it, right?
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
--something is there.
Something gives us the
geometry for our bodies.
And something gives us, also,
the consciousness language
for our mind.
Now, being here on this
planet, it seems to be--
and this is something that's
talked about in ancient times--
a limitation of
consciousness that we
are trying to evolve out of.
And when we evolve out
of that, we actually
become part of, we'll say,
the greater universal mind.
So that's very
important as well.
>>JJ HURTAK: So the drama before
us now is going from humankind
to spacekind.
How do we make this
leap into the future?
>>NOORY: Right.
>>JJ HURTAK: How do we begin to
work with the fifth, and sixth,
and even the eighth dimension--
>>NOORY: And make
it mesh with us?
>>JJ HURTAK: It's
the whole ability
to recognize the
entirety of the universe
within our potential
to co-create,
and to enthusiastically
embrace the challenges of life
and go forward with a
sense of joy and curiosity,
and not to sit back
as pacifist and deny
this fantastic biotransducer
system, which we are.
A human, as we say,
as a suit of clothes
for a greater body of light.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
And I just want
to say, in terms of our work
with Elizabeth Rauscher,
in our work with her,
the eighth dimension
was a place where we
not only could know
past, present, but also future.
Now we're trying to judge
how much into the future can
we go because we
do have free will.
So even though we may be set
in a certain path in our lives,
by our own choices, we can make
differences in that reality.
But it's important
to realize that some
of that future reality is
coded within us as well.
>>JJ HURTAK: So at this time
of world changes and problems,
it's so important
to see that we can
shift from as it were a passive
state into an activist state,
where we can bring
in the light, begin
the dialogue with our cosmic
others, our cosmic friends,
and realize that this
is consistent with much
of the earlier history that
has been ignored, particularly
by the great thinkers
in Egypt, in Lebanon,
in other countries of the
Near East, where there
is vast documentation
that says we are not alone
in the universe.
>>NOORY: Is there a cosmic
law out there somewhere?
>>JJ HURTAK:
Definitely, a cosmic law
that respects all life, that
teaches us to not interfere
with other people in terms
of the normal situation
of evolution
>>DESIREE HURTAK: I consider
it very much like "Star Trek."
"Star Trek" had that--
>>NOORY: The Federation.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Yes.
Well, any of the Star Trek.
You had to be careful
where you went
and what you did
to other species
because you could influence
them, change them.
And I think that's been our
situation here for a long time.
We say we've been in a
quarantine, protected
from all the, you know,
bar scene in Star Wars,
if you think about that.
And this is changing now.
I think that's being
lifted, and we're
starting to have contact with
all these different forms
of intelligence.
And there's many
forms of intelligence.
You consider the
fact that there's
hundreds of trillions of
stars in the Milky Way,
and there's also, we'll
say, trillions of galaxies.
Then there has to be life.
And not only us, not
only little green men,
not only the Greys
and the reptilians,
but many, many, many forms.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: And you
agree with that?
>>JJ HURTAK: I agree with--
I think we're going, really,
from the old textbook
into the actual
experience of writing
a new textbook of
evolution of biology
in our lifetime, George.
I think the cosmic others
are on our doorstep,
waiting for us to
connect the points,
to see the much larger
picture of life,
and to understand that
we have a major role
to play in the way we
interpret this for all people--
not just for a limited area
of science or spirituality,
but to see that they
both connect within us.
Because we have, as we
have seen in our studies
behind the scene with
the great scientists,
that we can think cosmically
on the spiritual side
or the scientific side but
must bring them together
through the heartbeat.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And this
is part of our evolution.
I think they're watching us.
And one of the factors is--
"New York Times,"
I believe, came out
with something that said,
in the last 3,400 years,
we've only as a
planet had something
like 268 years of peace.
And if you look even more
recently, since 1945,
we've had something like--
a much less period of time--
>>NOORY: Much less.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
Yeah, much less.
>>NOORY: Constant wars.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
Yes, constant wars.
8% of history on this
planet, for the most part,
has been war.
Now, the new century that we're
in now has been a bit better.
But there's still things
going on in Africa,
in the Far East, everywhere
that has these issues.
So they don't want us,
really, out in space
until we get rid of that
war energy, I think.
>>NOORY: How did the
ancients understand this?
>>JJ HURTAK: Well,
they saw this as what
we would call a historic
dialectic between the gods
and the humans.
And we had the
opportunity to work
with those who gave us, quote
unquote, "a real science,"
or a theology,
cosmology of the future,
as opposed to those
forms of intelligence
that we use as slaves
or biological puppets,
like the late Dr. Sitchin
indicated in some of his books.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: The
Annunaki, but even first Enoch.
And some of that
talks about an entity
very similar to the word of
Samyaza that had come down.
And in some cases, they
didn't teach just agriculture
or good things like medicines.
In some cases, they actually
taught the art of warfare,
and they gave weapons.
So you have to
realize what's around
us is very similar to
what's on this planet--
that we have both
types of intelligence,
and we have to really
start attuning ourselves
to our higher nature.
And I think one of the
most important things we're
saying right now is that, as
we start graduating and getting
to be one or connected
with the cosmic others,
we're not going to be peons.
We should never see ourselves
as peons or small beings
just learning to grow up.
We actually have a higher
soul, as Linda Moulton Howe
is talking about in some of her
talk, and other capabilities.
We have that telepathy.
We have that ability to
connect with other realities.
And so we have to
graduate very quickly.
>>JJ HURTAK: We have connected
with the archives of knowledge
in most parts of the world.
So there definitely
is a world map
of what we believe to be
the event of the return
of the cosmic others, that
they are returning to the areas
where they originally had
the experiments, where
they originally
built the pyramids
or they originally created the
great temples of vibration.
And it's the shift to the higher
vibratory nature of the mind
and the heart
working together that
is the key to what we believe
the quantum change that's
coming around the corner.
>>NOORY: On a Gaia show
called "Deep Space,"
they talked about
how the ancients
might have had more
knowledge and contacts
with extraterrestrials.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>I believe that we have
been observed and monitored
for a long, long time.
I think what we call the
UFO phenomenon probably goes
through our entire history.
For me, when I look
at ancient advanced--
ridiculously,
inexplicably advanced
technology, the one
thing I continue
to go back to is the
Great Pyramid at Giza.
There is, in my view, not
any conventional explanation
for this at all.
When you start getting into the
mathematics, the engineering,
the geographic location of it,
among many, many other things,
this indicates to me that
whoever built that pyramid knew
that the Earth was a sphere.
They knew exactly where
they were in relation
to the entire world.
They had engineering and
transport capabilities
that no one is able to explain.
They completed a task that not
a single human civilization
could possibly have done until
possibly the last hundred
years.
It's even a stretch
to ask ourselves,
could we have
duplicated this today?
Maybe we could.
But could we have even done it
as recently as 100 years ago?
Could the United States
of, say, Teddy Roosevelt
have built the Great Pyramid?
The answer is "no."
It's "no."
They couldn't have done it.
They couldn't have done
it with the precision
and the exactitude.
So I asked myself, if the
ancient Egyptians were
more advanced than America
of the early 20th century,
then there's something wrong
here with this picture.
So there's something in
the mix of our civilization
that we're not getting.
There's a hole in our ancient
history, and some of that
includes very
advanced knowledge.
>>NOORY: Dolan's
spot on, isn't he?
>>JJ HURTAK: Great, great.
Desiree's father
was down in Egypt
in 1921 as a young
medical student
at the University of Vienna.
He and other colleagues
went down to Egypt
and always felt a
connection there.
But in "The Keys of
Enoch," our classical book,
we show that there are 11
other places like Egypt.
And we've been investigating
this over the last 45 years.
>>NOORY: All around the planet.
>>JJ HURTAK: All
around the planet,
which suggests that there is
a planetary grid system, some
would say, that has portals
of ascension or places
of communication that were used
by the ancients, which would
indicate why the ancients
spent, as it were,
whole generations putting
together libraries
of information in stone.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: But I have to
say, Richard Dolan is correct.
I mean, not only putting
a block upon a block,
but when you go inside and
see the intricate corridors
and passageways--
>>NOORY: Oh, it's remarkable.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Yeah.
I don't think we can
actually do it today.
Maybe we could.
But it really would be difficult
because you have 50 to 80 ton
blocks way high up, not
lower to the ground.
So that's amazing.
And actually, we have
on our YouTube site
something from Nippon
Corporation, which back
in the '70s tried to do it.
They wanted to do it with
hammers, chisels, and barges.
>>NOORY: They tried to duplicate
it, and it didn't work.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Yeah,
and they couldn't do it.
Then they did it
with jackhammers,
and they still
couldn't duplicate it.
They actually just did it
about-- not even a quarter
the size of the actual pyramid.
And then they made
them tear it down
because it was such an eyesore.
And there was no caverns or
anything inside, no rooms.
So I mean, it's not
as easy as you think.
So he's absolutely correct.
And why?
That's the real question.
Why do you have all
these intricate chambers?
Why do you have star
shafts, what we call.
>>NOORY: There's got
to be a reason for it.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Yeah.
>>JJ HURTAK: And the other side
of the story is the so-called
pyramidal geometries that have
appeared over the Pentagon
a couple of years ago and
also in 2009 over Moscow--
actual paraphysical geometries,
like pyramidal capstones.
Why this geometry?
Well, we've discussed
this with others
who believe that this
is the central building
block of civilization.
The cosmic others, leaving
behind the pyramid,
have left behind
what we would call
a future artifact,
something that takes us
into the future of how
we would design cities
in space and other planets, by
using the pyramidal geometry.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Yeah.
It's the most, we'll
say, stable geometry.
We think it's really
at the heart of all
of our geometry of
life, is a tetrahedron.
And so it's interesting
you see them in space.
Now, some people say,
oh, it's the military.
We don't think that way.
We feel it is-- it
could be a projection.
It could be a type of
hologram from another reality.
But basically, I think it's
the other intelligences telling
us to look--
especially over the Pentagon--
that they are
superior technologies,
and the tetrahedron
and the pyramid
is part of that knowledge,
that ancient wisdom.
>>NOORY: There's got
to be another reason.
I mean, you talked about
it as a power plant.
You took Christopher
Dunn's theories
and took it a little further.
There's got to be a
reason for this structure,
don't you think?
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Well, of
course, one of the main things
was, in the King's
Chamber, supposedly,
that the pharaoh, if
he was buried there--
we don't even think
he was-- but was
to travel to Orion,
to the stars.
So we feel it really is--
as Dr. Hurtak says, it's
a chronology statement.
It actually can maybe emanate
some of our own thought forms
and then can be picked up by
other levels of intelligence.
So it's really a chronomonitor,
is what we call it.
>>JJ HURTAK: When you
have star shafts that
can point to star constellations
something on the order of 1,300
to 1,400 light years
away with precision,
you're dealing with a planetary
physics and science that
is far beyond the imagination
of anyone until recent times.
So we're looking, really,
at a stone configuration,
the Great Pyramid, as a clue
to the evolutionary process
of opening the mind to think
and to connect science,
spirituality,
philosophy, and what
we found in musical
studies, the vibrations
of the tombs themselves
that corresponded
to the various heartbeats
of the human heart.
>>NOORY: That's dramatic.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And if
you really look at it,
if consciousness is
really behind everything,
if we're exuding consciousness
and consciousness as a field
that not only
encompasses the Earth--
it's not just a global field,
it's a universal field--
then we can also tune in,
and they can tune in to us
from wherever they
are in the universe,
on other dimensional realities.
They can also tune in to us.
And this is what we feel is
really happening right now,
and that the pyramid
is a configuration that
shows how that works.
We have pyramidal
cells inside our brains
that are part of the neurons.
I mean, it's really a model
for not only healing, health,
but also, I think,
consciousness ascension.
>>JJ HURTAK: And taking
this into space, George,
you know that I was
one of the first
to release the actual pictures
of the Great Pyramids found
on the surface of Mars in the
Elysium Quadrangle in 1973.
So as we push outwards, we
begin to realize, possibly,
on our sister planets that
pyramidal design was also
used as a way of harnessing
energy and providing knowledge
that we would
eventually rediscover.
>>NOORY: Why is Zahi Hawass,
the former head of Egypt's
antiquities, so
reluctant to acknowledge
the possibility of
extraterrestrial involvement?
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Well,
I think in some part--
and we have talked to
him and had time with him
on the plateau.
And he's given us permission
for certain things-- not us,
but the shore
expedition, for example.
But he has a whole philosophy--
>>JJ HURTAK: Tradition.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
Yeah, a tradition,
a philosophy that he
has to uphold, actually.
And that is very difficult
to break through.
And look how difficult it
is for us to break through,
the fact that--
even religion is now.
The Catholic Church,
I think, is totally
prepared for understanding
extraterrestrials.
They're just waiting
for the US government.
Then they're going to release
some of their information.
It doesn't fly in the face
of any religious beliefs,
really, throughout the world.
But it's just so hard
to get beyond the norm
that people have seen in
their religious traditions.
>>NOORY: You agree with that?
>>JJ HURTAK: I agree with that.
And your role, George,
is to put all of this
together on a drawing board
so that the public at large
can understand the
various levels of training
that we're now going through.
We are going through
a vast orientation
of finding the higher
evidences of how
ancient civilizations were in
contact with the cosmic others.
We're beginning to discover
through breakthroughs
in paraphysics and
parapsychology,
like at Stanford Research
Institute in California
here, that the mind
has the ability
to reach other dimensions.
And finally, we're finding
through a whole new study
of consciousness physics
that we have a greater power
within ourselves to
be more and to do more
in co-creativity than has
been taught in the past.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
And I know we talked
about the fifth
dimension and connecting
with extraterrestrials, and
that's really your forte.
But we also talk
about and have talked
about for 40 years
ultraterrestrial beings, which
are beings that don't need
a spaceship to come here,
that are really
more light energy.
>>NOORY: Or dimensional.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Yeah.
Well, actually, eighth
dimensional, 24th dimensional.
And one of the things
we've talked about
is multi-universes.
"Keys of Enoch" talked about
the multi-universes in the '70s.
And so some of them may not even
reside within our own universe.
They may reside in another
field of consciousness--
>>NOORY: Somehow, they
filter over into ours, right?
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Exactly.
And they can materialize
where they want to.
And I think this is
important for people
to realize with the
understanding of quantum
physics--
that if you're in touch
with one of these beings,
they don't leave where
they are, even if it's
another universe, to come here.
It's not flying in a UFO.
They actually can just
project their consciousness
to where we are, and
they can materialize.
And they can do that to
1,000 different places
simultaneously.
That's another level
of consciousness.
But that's also a
level of consciousness
I believe we have the ability
to experience at some time.
>>JJ HURTAK: And we believe this
has been the stumbling block
of government
disclosure, why it's
taken so long--
because there are so
many different cosmic
races and groups.
You need a larger blueprint.
>>NOORY: They can't
keep track of them.
>>JJ HURTAK: It's showing the
multi-levels of the multi,
shall we say,
organizations out there
in terms of a
unified field, things
that David Bohm and others were
searching for many years ago.
But we've reached the
magic point, I believe,
of having a mature youth in the
age of Steven Spielberg that
can now accept the fact that
we've got cosmic friends that
can come and communicate
with us through the higher
powers of consciousness.
>>NOORY: Do you think
ETs have learned
how to bend space
and time, and that's
another way they're traveling?
>>JJ HURTAK: Absolutely.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Yes.
We've talked about this
in a recent book, which
you're a part of,
called "Making Contact."
Alan Steinfeld's the editor
in one of the chapters.
>>NOORY: Good book.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And
we talk about wormholes
and teleportation.
Teleportation is still
a very hot topic.
And scientists have teleported
things that aren't alive--
no organic matter-- but it's
really only a matter of time.
So one is traveling through
the physical reality,
and that would be the
wormhole, or hyperspace,
or teleportation,
so to speak, where
you materialize somewhere else.
But there's also
the whole ability
to travel through the
consciousness field
and just materialize,
not stay a long time.
You have ancient peoples
talked about in the Bible,
like Melchizedek.
He was supposedly
motherless and fatherless.
He never was born here, but
he lived here for a while.
>>NOORY: But he was here.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
And he was here.
And then he went away.
Now, how did these
things happen?
I mean, maybe he came
on a flying saucer.
But we would rather
think he came
from a higher dimensional
reality and materialized.
>>JJ HURTAK: So we've
demythologized the myths.
We've gone behind
the myths to show
that there's a science
of consciousness
behind these great stories.
And if we connect
these myths worldwide,
what we come up
with is a whole new,
shall we say, incentive to
see that we are being prepared
to be this Renaissance, this
new civilization, this Homo
universalis, the
universal humanity
that the ancients thought about.
>>NOORY: What will it
take to get these answers?
>>JJ HURTAK: It
will take a sense
of humility and compassion
that we're not alone
in the universe.
It will take us a deep
sense of scholarship
as well as sociology to prepare
us to go beyond the fear
barrier, to realize that our
friends are out there working
with us, and we can
use discernment to work
with those who truly are there
to give us higher knowledge.
>>DESIREE HURTAK:
And I also want
to say it takes more
and more contact.
So even though maybe we don't
get it all from the government
sources, people more and
more are getting contact.
And what we've found is that,
once you even just see a UFO,
a light in the sky, you
have an entanglement--
this is a term in
quantum physics--
with that.
And I had a friend that actually
had contact with alien beings
when she was at the
Bermuda Triangle.
Actually, she was
a marine biologist.
And they told her certain
things and whatever.
And then she actually
was talking about it
in a friend's house, and they
told her not to say everything.
And she started
saying more and more,
and a shelf literally
flew up in the kitchen
that had been there for years.
And it didn't fall down, or
it didn't break in that sense,
and it flew up.
She says, oh, I
can't say any more.
There is a constant entanglement
that we have with beings--
especially if you see them
face to face, of course.
That's a whole
different reality.
>>JJ HURTAK: So a whole
new, younger generation
of scientists are beginning to
realize our cosmic potential.
I work with the indigenous--
>>NOORY: Which is a good thing.
>>JJ HURTAK: Very good
thing-- have shown us--
the world cultures
have known in the past
that we can live with
the extraterrestrial,
the ultraterrestrial
reality and not be overcome.
Three, our spiritual
philosophers and poets,
namely the mystics,
realized years ago
that we have this
ability of extended life.
And now, putting
this all together
has come an opportunity to see
this as a age of synthesis.
This is the opportunity
to bring all of this
together, what the
ancient writers called
the Age of the Holy Spirit--
the fact that we have the
gifts of remote viewing,
we have the gifts
of remote healing,
we have the gifts of
remote communication,
renewing ourselves.
So we don't have to live under
an umbrella of doubt anymore.
The facts are being
put on the table,
and the veils are
being lifted, George.
This is really the
fantastic moment
of seeing how we have come
at the right time of history.
>>NOORY: Let's go back
to "Cosmic Disclosure"
and look at Jason
Shurka's remarks.
>>Let's say TLS came out today
and showed high technology
crafts, and extraterrestrials,
and hologram beings,
and everything in between.
It would probably freak
a lot of people out.
There are many people that
are ready to receive that,
but on the collective level of
our human race on the universe,
it would cause a lot of chaos.
That's the truth.
They will reveal
themselves to that extent
when people are ready
to receive that.
But that's up to us.
How open are we to changing
our belief systems?
How open are we to letting
our belief systems dissolve
and start fresh, even
if it's uncomfortable?
And how open are we to accepting
that new possibilities that we
might have thought in the past
were impossible may actually
be possible?
>>NOORY: Jack Nicholson
in "A Few Good Men"
said, "you can't
handle the truth."
Can we?
>>DESIREE HURTAK: No.
That was also Philip Corso.
He said, if you can handle it.
>>NOORY: The day after Roswell.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: So
that's his big thing.
But what we're trying
to say to the world
is the fact that
we can handle it.
We are beings that are beyond
this earthly dimension.
In fact, if you go back
to the Bible times,
basically, we took
on garments of skin.
So what were before that?
Well, we were beings that could
travel through the universe.
And you don't just see little
green men or grey beings
in the universe.
You see us out there.
So we really need to
start standing our ground,
knowing that we are
much greater than we've
been told for the last, well
say, 6,000, 10,000 years.
And we're graduating
at this time.
>>JJ HURTAK: We've worked with
many of the ancient documents.
It's interesting that in
Scripture, the Book of Genesis
speaks in the
Hebrew of Shamayim,
the many heavens-- in the Greek,
Ouranos, the many heavens.
So whether you take the
tradition in the Greek,
or the Hebrew, or
whatever tradition,
the ancients recognized
we were not alone,
and they realized we had to
have a spiritual psychology-- we
think is best exemplified in
the Christ figure of the New
Testament-- that we have
to love our enemies.
We have to love ourselves, in
a cosmic sense, a preparation.
We reached that level
of a higher vibratory
level of the mind
and spirit, where
we can enter into
the understanding
of the house of many mansions.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: Right.
So if we look at Haim
Eshed from Israel,
who was one of the main
people for the space program
from the Israelis--
he talked about the
Galactic Federation.
But he also said
they don't think
we're ready at this point.
Well, we actually think we are.
But we have to change
our consciousness.
We have to be more
prepared for working
with multiple forms
of intelligence,
not just strange, alien,
reptilian, insectoid types
of beings, but also
beings that are, really,
beyond our dimensional reality.
And this is what we have
to start understanding--
it's a vast growth
factor for all of us--
but also to
understand that we are
powerful beings in
the universe, and we
will be handshaking to
our own cosmic cousins
in the very near future.
>>JJ HURTAK: And this is why
we're working with theologians
like Ted Peters from
Berkeley, who wrote--
I should say, edited a book
called "Astral Theology," where
scientists and theologians are
beginning to recognize there is
a spiritual side, a dimension
to the cosmic scheme of things.
So we have to be able to
go beyond what, Steven
Hawking and others
have suggested,
the negative forces,
by realizing that there
is a divine source,
a much higher level
of the ultraterrestrial that can
overpower the extraterrestrial,
shall we say, experimental
games and take us
into a whole new
reality of recognizing
genuine spirituality and genuine
science can meet and embrace.
>>DESIREE HURTAK: And
we have to do this
with some levels of
unconditional love--
and I think that's
really important--
and a higher consciousness
understanding
that we are able to greet each
other on a handshake level
and on a cosmic
level and understand
that we are literally able
to now maybe take our baby
steps in a positive
way-- not with war.
We've got to leave war
behind on this planet.
We've got to leave the fact
that we can't work together, be
together, share together.
That all has to go
away, and we have
to open our consciousness to
greater realms of intelligence.
>>NOORY: I share that.
Mr. and Mrs. Hurtak, thanks
for being on "Beyond Belief."
>>JJ HURTAK: Thank you, George.
And to the audience, we
must take the higher path.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
Because one day, if we
don't, we will realize
what we've lost on this planet.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]